## Wednesday 20220720-1300 - 20220720-1315: 15 minutes

I am trying to do too many things at once and am getting overwhelmed. In an effort to make progress while staying healthy, I will need to set limits. Let's start by identifying the missions that I would like to have finished by the end of the year. I am operating under constraints. I have less time, energy and focus than I did twenty years ago. Realistically, I have about four hours when I can do focused work during alone time. Alone time means time when I can focus in deep thought. The problem is that I am tackling tasks that are too large for the amount of time that I have allocated. I need to break tasks into chunks that I can finish in fifteen minutes or less. The reality is that there is no way that I can actually do all the things that I want do given the current time and resource constraints. If I don't make choices on what I will and won't do, time will make that choice for me. It simply is not possible to do everything. If I try to do everything, what happens is that I make a small imperceptible dent in the first thing, everything else remains untouched and I feel guilty over unfulfilled promises that end up being wishful thinking. Making choices is about saying no. Saying yes to everything with no prioritized order means that one is really leaving things up to chance. It is time that I become much more aware of my constraints and work within those constraints to have an impact. The real question to ask is... What can I finish in the time that I have left? What can I finish in fifteen minutes that will take me closer to where I want to go?

## Wednesday 20220720-1830 - 20220720-1845: 15 minutes

Maybe solutions that serve technical customers have a much shorter lifespan than solutions that serve industry customers. Technology changes quickly but industry problems are more stable. A business can still make money with obsolete code if it solves an industry problem.
